# UC-01 - Searching for a connection

## Description

The user interacts with the search user interface to specify search parameters for the connection they are looking for. The system then returns and displays connection results matching the parameters.

## Primary Actor

User

## Preconditions

- The system is initalized, i.e. it is running and has loaded the list of routes from the persisted data storage (.csv file)

## Main success scenario

- The user inputs their search parameters for the following attributes.
    - Departure City
    - Arrival City
    - Departure Time 
    - Arrival Time
    - Train Type
    - Days of Operation
    - First Class ticket rate (in euro)
    - Second Class ticket rate (in euro)
- The system parses the search parameters and retrieves the direct connections that match them.
- The system calculates trip duration, derived from departure and arrival times.
- The system displays the results via the user interface.
- The user can then sort the results based on
    - First Class ticket rate
    - Second Class ticket rate
    - Trip Duration

## Extensions

### Indirect connections
- If the system cannot find direct connections (connections that connect via a single train ride from departure to arrival cities):
    - The system calculates and finds indirect connections that take 2 or 3 routes (called 1-stop and 2-stop connections respectively).
    - The system calculates the time taken between stops (idle layover time) and adds it to the returned model.
    - The system displays the indirect connections with the time between stops.
    - The user can additional sort by time between stops.

### No connections found
- If the system cannot find direct or indirect 1 or 2-stop connections
    - The system displays a "no results found" message on the user interface.